# TheFigthForSocialJustice
Deliver a Speech


p207

You are a famous figure from the 21st century. To celebrate Black History Month in the USA, you deliver a speech, in which you pay tribute to one of the leading figures of the Civil Rights Movement


allez sur des archive de speacj


➜ Prepare and organize your arguments. You must:
Introduce yourself.
Present the person you chose and explain why he or she is so important in American history.
Explain how her or his actions have an ongoing impact on today’s America.
Give your opinion.
► Méthode p. 244
➜ Deliver your speech.
Speak for at least 3 minutes.
Keep your eyes on your audience and not on your notes while delivering your speech.
Pay attention to intonation and pronunciation.

---


I am Joe Biden, the current, the 46(fourty sixth) 
president of United States of America,.
I am here to deliver a speech to the people of the 
United States beause today is the begining of the Black 
History Month. I am here to pay tribute to one of 
the leading figures of the Civil Rights Movement. 
Harriet Tubman, born in March 1822(eighteen twentytwo),
and dead in 1913(ninteen thirdteen) as woman,
who free 70 enslaved people in 13(thirdteen) missions, 
by the road to freedom, the Underground Railroad.
And help some other pepole to free by himself, giving
them instrinctions.
Her actions, have had an ongoing impact on today’s America,
because she help the movement to free people, help 
Civil Rights Movement to be stronger, help the people
to be free.
She (showdhus)showed us the utility of every action,
everyone can do something to help the people.
She showed us the possibility of freedom for Civil Rights Movements, at a time,
when it was not simple. 
She showed us the way so that today we can change towards an absolute freedom.
I am think, is very important to us, to the people, 
to fight for our freedom, is important to get peopole like her, 
for the Movement. 









Rosa Parks, someone who was a black, 


and f-out(fought) to keep her place in bus and as a black, she was so important in American history, because she has a pivotal role in the Montgomery bus boycott, who protected
clodette colvin 

-----


Wenesday March 16th


Looking back and Forward

---





